---
layout: post
title: "Week #10 Blog Post"
date: 2019-11-14 11:09:00 -0800
categories: Blog
---

After a very hectic week, my team was finally able to finish up our Scripts that build the environment in its entirety. Beginning with my problems with Route53. Which was not referencing the pointers the way that it should. I had a tough time finding documentation about how it worked but I did come across a stack overflow question that helped a lot. The first glaring issue with my Route 53 was the fact that it wasnt destroying the security groups or Network Interface. I went into AWS under EC2 and Deleted that Network Interfaces manually by disabling the deletion protection from the Network Interfaces and that automatically deleted the Security Groups. I then had to manually delete the Load Balancer too. Another issue I was having was getting the Resource Blocks for the Record Sets to point to the Load Balancer. I was finally able to find a Stack Overflow Answer that laid out how exactly I should go about writing the script. Basically the problem had to do with syntax (of course). The Records also required the there to be www Alias A records to point to the load balancer as well.

Once we got the records to be created properly, it allowed for much more progress to be made. The CNAME records for example were a simple copy paste of the information into the Terraform Resource Blocks. Another part that needed to be done after running the script and building the Route 53 hosted zones was in placing the name servers in google domains to get it to work properly. Towards the end of our project we had some problems getting all the routing to work right too, the Terraform files were building the environment but it wasn't routing with the Zones that were created. Somehow our group managed to put together all the pieces and get the project completed before tomorrow! Now well just prepare our Presentation for the class!
