---
layout: post
title: "Week #11 Blog Post"
date: 2019-11-20 8:08:30 -0800
categories: Blog
---

AWS Lambda is service that gives you the ability to use functions as a service to solve particular issues either periodically, or when triggered by a particular event such as the available resources. Amazon Web Services provides users with the ability to create Spot Instances for your server. These spot Instances serve as an alternative to On Demand Instances by allowing users to create spot instances at a fraction of the price of On Demand Instances, which are always the same price. AWS creates On Demand Instances at the start of the hour and Spot Instances at the end of the hour though, so if the resource needs to be taken up by higher bidder, your Instance will be destroyed and created in another availability zone using your Lambda Function and your AMI (Amazin Machine Image).

The reason why Lambda Funcctions are so useful is because they work in the background, waiting for their triggers to go off while you do whatever it is you'd like with your day! Normally, using Spot Instances would be very tedious and difficult for you to manage because youd have to run the function within a small time frame after your old Spot Instance is destroyed. The power behind Lambda functions is truly amazing! They can be written in a variety of languages as well for your comfort. We are tasked this week with creating something of the sort for CSUN, which will run and configure the EC2 Instance as soon as its needed.
