---
layout: post
title: "Week #2 Spring Blog Post"
date: 2020-02-06 10:10:10 -0800
categories: Blog
---

Cloud Computing is an umbrella term to refer to the various resources that are accessible to a user through data centers. Users can generally pay to use only the resources necessary for their currently desired service. For example, instead of having to pay for physical hardware to be installed and configured on site at a company, they can instead pay a fraction of the price to use system resources located at data centers all around the world. The benefits of Cloud Computing range from having a service that is highly available and generally regarded as fool proof, to having very flexible scalability. Rather than having to order new parts and install and configure them, a user can simply scale the services required at the touch of a button. Saving the user not only time and effort but money as well, since the cost of the hardware is much higher than simply selecting a different payment model or plan provided.

Cloud Computing can refer to a wide range of services, from Infrastructure (IaaS), which provides the ability to set up infrastructure that provides a wide range of services. From Firewalls to Load Balancers and VLANs. Platform as a Service, or PaaS, is where a Computing Platform is provided as a service, allowing users to have direct control of integration without having to install or purchase new hardware or software. Software as a Service (SaaS) simply allows customers to access application and database software without having to manage the storage or platform. Private Clouds are also possible with Cloud Computing by creating and managing a virtual space that is only accessible by the employees of one business. The power that Cloud Computing has shown to the world is the reason why most large and even small businesses are now focusing on getting their services at least in part to be managed by this new technology.

