---
layout: post
title: "Week #7 Spring Blog Post"
date: 2020-03-13 04:10:30 -0800
categories: Blog
---

Microsoft Azure, similar to Amazon Web Services, is a cloud computing platform that gives users the capability to establish both public and private clouds. When comparing the two platforms, the first large difference you may notice is the pricing model. While they both offer pay as you go payment options, Azure offers slightly less expensive pricing options for most of their services compared to AWS. While it provides les programming languages as of yet than AWS, it is still highly competitive in terms of its ability to privide Platform/Software/Infrastucture as a Service in its own ways. They offer Websites, Sharepoint (local cloud), Customer Relationship Management, Business Analytics, Data Management, Mobile Services, and much more!

On top of these very diverse technical tools at your disposal, Micosoft offers a simple UI, allowing the user to start their personal web goal quickly. If a user wishes to create a Web App, Server (VM), Database, or backup storage the options are on display with quick start descriptions. Microsoft also supplies the user with Online Courses to learn how to properly interact with Azure to complete the goal that they would like. Customer Relatioship Management tools allow you to view and maniuplate your customers data to better understand their needs. While Azure was released a few years after the release of Amazon Web Services, their competeive pricing model and easy to use design gives them a reasonable edge to capaitalize on in the CLoud COmputing Market.
