---
layout: post
title: "Week #9 Spring Blog Post"
date: 2020-04-03 10:48:00 -0800
categories: Blog
---
 
 Google Analytics is Google Service that allows anyone to track their websites traffic more carefully. In short, you are given insights to your userbase that can allow you to take full advantage of how to better target them to do whatever you like. For example, you can follow how users navigate through your site, where they pause and enjoy parts, and even where they normally pause in their checkout process. Depending on what you particular goal is to accomplish, you may find that rearranging the order of your Home page does a better job of getting your users to spend money on Merch, or check out a music video. Another great example of what youre able to do with Analytics is track the location of a huge surge of users. If there is a global pandemic and you see that facemasks may soon be in high demand, you can see that data and make a determination to immediately speed the production of more facemasks.
 
 The great thing about Google Analytics is it's ability to retrieve data from your website in the simplest way possible. All you have to do is copy the Tracking ID to your Header and it will automatically do it's thing. Depending on you website hosting provider, it may also be benefincial to install an app to have your site better communicate with Google Analytics. Once you are back at the Dashboard for Analytics, you have several options about how to interact with your data. The first page is called Real-Time which shows a representation of who is on your site and what pages they are currently viewing down to practically the last 10 or 20 seconds. There is another page that also allows you to see where your users are linking to your site from. So if for example you see a large surge coming from Youtube, you may find after a quick search that they are actually coming from your name being mentioned on Joe Rogans Podcast. You can then use this data to further target and engage potential customers to your site. There is even the ability to easily add another site to track! 
