---
layout: post
title: "Week #3 Spring Blog Post"
date: 2020-02-14 04:09:32 -0800
categories: Blog
---

AWS Fargate is serverless compute engine that can be used in conjunction with your EC2 instances to manage your containers so that you do not have to. It scales your services and containers to the most appropriate size at the moment and if there is a huge surge of users it will be able to quickly scale to fit the unexpected traffic. Fargate is able to optimize and manage the clusters, choose best instances and tweak settings if needed. 

Without AWS Fargate, you must first install docker and an ECS Agent onto at least one EC2 Instance. Then you deply your containers with ECS tasks in order to get them up and running. After your containers are set, you must manage them and keep track of them so that they're sccaled properly. Fargate takes the ease of use to the next level by removing all if this provisioning and simply asks you to choose CPU and Memory requirements, and defining network/ IAM policies. Clusters can be created with just a few clicks and subnets are automatically created for you and they even have a Sample App for you to see how easy it is to use.

Fargate does have its downsides however, as it doesnt allow as much control or flexibility as you would normally have. It can also be more expensive to use than their normal service. The upsides can more than make up for the upsides when considering the less need for human management of your Instances and Containers.
